feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/65687d2f8c7ee27b0446cef3.md

---
id: 65687d2f8c7ee27b0446cef3
title: Step 19
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-19
---

# --description--

> The code to execute at each iteration — placed after the `:` — constitutes the body of the loop. This code must be indented — typically 4 spaces — from the loop level. This indented level is a code block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code to execute at each iteration — placed after the `:` — constitutes the body of the loop. This code must be indented. In Python, it is recommended to use 4 spaces per indentation level. This indented level is a code block.
```

Reviewer: I would suggest emphasizing that the 4 spaces guideline applies specifically for Python.

```py
for i in text:
    <code>
```

> Give your `for` loop a body by adding a `print(i)` call. Remember to indent the loop body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give your `for` loop a body by adding a call to `print(i)`. Remember to indent the loop body.
```
